Amsterdam Bridge
================

Rec: Introduce a bell ( instead of the hihat over bridge og/eller andre plasser )

I left my lover on that Amsterdam bridge,
in her red carpet dress with her hair in a mess.
But walking from her something brought me to spin,
call it fate or the wind, or a voice from within.
Her sunken eyes I was unable to steal,
fixed firm on the rail, her image was pale.
And bending forward spilling tears in the stream,
undressing a dream, it was a bitter scene.

But it was never my kind on life philosophy,
for me it was all a buckling bridge of a broke philantropy.
A quiet place to hide my lies, my ripples in the sea.
But fallin' from my documents, this starving melody.

I lost my lover on that Amsterdam bridge,
in her red carpet dress, a damsel in distress.
But diving deep her glow was hidden from me,
I could only see the brutality.
Still calling others no one entered my scenes,
no one answered my screams, drowned in personal dreams.
That water hit me in the cruelest degree,
by extracting from me my consumed fantasy.

Nytt 2 vers
--
I lost my lover on that Amsterdam bridge,
in her red carpet dress, with a cut(tounge?) at her chest.
The sound of trumpets froze me still in my boots,
as the sky broke in roots for the feathered recruits.
Just then a 

Just as a crow cried a black flare in the sky,
the light hit her thigh as I shielded/covered my eye.

the crow tore a flare in my eye... she was gone...

(burned a scarr in the sky) fled 
something about a crow or a branch or a root...


The sound of trumpets drew the light in my eye,
to the rumbeling sky, ...
And from the heavens fell to beautiful 

A distant trumpet froze my fumbling feet,
the curtains (sceneteppe - trans better?) fell in the street and half a second off beat.
There was a murmur and a kiss in a car, the whispered words ...
*I saw Lucifers toes dancing off with my rose* (lucifers feet...?)

Was it all a picture-stream shot on white walls in the sky,
was her cotton skin and her childhood hymn all a essence in my mind.
I cannot take that simple truth that her touch upon my face,
her rhythmic heals and the way she steals my breath is all erased.
